Hi, I'm Kyle from the Bose Support Team and here on the Bose Team we take merchandising
and brand advocacy to the next level.
Every visit starts with arriving at the location and greeting an associate by the door.
We move on to the merchandising side of our visit.
We head over to our displays to ensure that they're clean, bright and fully stocked.
After our displays are clean and bright, we need to test the functionality of these displays. We go
through each display ensuring that the demo is functioning as intended. If we
run into an issue, we troubleshoot immediately or we call the call center
for further support. This can be more in-depth troubleshooting or to order
parts that are needed to resolve the issue. These can be simple fixes such as installing a wire, swapping out the media card, or even
a simple reboot.
They can even be more advanced fixes such as entire display rewiring, product changeouts,
or even full display changeouts.
Our ticketing system houses all of our tickets and allows for reps to properly manage their
market opening, closing tickets, as well as seeing when parts
have been shipped or delivered.
Once we've ensured that our displays are properly merchandised and fully functional,
we move on to the brand advocacy part of our visit.
We do this in several ways, by building the relationship with the store, this is done
through routine check-ins with staff and management in the field to cover common concerns or questions
that they may have, as well as fill them in on some new features that they may not know. Training events such
as morning huddles, lunch and learns, or customized training experiences where we
can take a full team sit down and do some in-depth training. Demoing new
products letting both customers and store associates get a hands-on
experience with a newly released product and promotion events where we have an opportunity to get on the front line and practice what we preach,
demoing and selling them ourselves.
Through these regular engagements, we are able to impact not just a store but an entire
market.
This is just a quick walkthrough of what we do day to day here at the Bose program.
I hope you enjoyed and have a great day.